SEO Assignment
Q.1.Ans.


SEO stands for search engine optimization. It is the process of improving the visibility and ranking of a website or web page in search engine results pages (SERPs). This is done by optimizing the website's content and structure to make it more relevant to the keywords that people are searching for.
SEO is important because it can help businesses to attract more visitors to their website, which can lead to more leads and sales. It can also help to build brand awareness and credibility.
Benefits:
●	Increased visibility and traffic: When a website ranks higher in SERPs, it is more likely to be seen by potential customers. This can lead to increased traffic to the website, which can lead to more leads and sales.
●	Improved brand awareness and credibility: When a website ranks high in SERPs, it signals to potential customers that the website is a trusted and authoritative source of information. This can help to build brand awareness and credibility.
●	Long-term results: SEO is a long-term investment, but it can pay off in the long run. Once a website is optimized for SEO, it can continue to generate traffic and leads for years to come.


Q.3.Ans.
●	Improved SEO:- Meta tags can help improve the visibility and ranking of your website in search engine results pages (SERPs). By providing search engines with information about your content, you can help them to better understand what your website is about and when to display it in search results.
●	Better user experience:- Meta tags can also provide visitors with useful information about your webpage, such as the title and description. This can help them to determine whether the page is relevant to their search query and whether they want to click through.
●	Increased website traffic: -Meta tags can help to increase website traffic by improving your SEO and click-through rate (CTR). When your website ranks higher in SERPs and has more appealing meta tags, you are more likely to attract visitors to your site.
●	More control over how your website is displayed:- Meta tags can give you more control over how your website is displayed in SERPs and on social media platforms. For example, you can use meta tags to specify the title and description that you want to appear in search results, or to create custom snippets for social media posts


Q.5.Ans.

A favicon, also known as a website icon or a bookmark icon, is a small image that is associated with a website or web page. It is typically displayed in the browser tab next to the page's title, and it can also be used in bookmarks and other places where websites are listed.
Favicons are typically square images, but they can also be rectangular or circular. They are typically 16x16 pixels in size, but they can also be 32x32 or 64x64 pixels. Favicons can be any image format, but the most common formats are .ico and .png.
To add a favicon to your website, you need to upload the image to your website's server and then add the following code to the <head> section of your website's HTML code
Ex-<link rel="icon" href="favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon">











